README.md, before:

# JavaScript_mini_projects

Learning JS by creating JS based (mini) projects.

## List

1. [Countdown App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/countdown-timer/index.html)
2. [Quiz App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/quiz-app/index.html)
3. [Recipe App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/recipe-app/index.html)
4. [Notes App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/notes-app/index.html)
5. [Todo App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/todo-app/index.html)
6. [Movie App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/movie-app/index.html)
7. [GitHub Profile Summary App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/github-profiles-app/index.html)
8. [Drawing App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/drawing-app/index.html)
9. [Password Generator](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/password-gen-app/index.html)
10. [Portfolio App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/portfolio/index.html)

## Disclaimer

First time doing front-end development, learning by following projects by [FlorinPop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtKciwk_si4&t=3865s&ab_channel=FlorinPop) and understanding each concept as we progress and adding additional and unique functionality to the app than shown by [FlorinPop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtKciwk_si4&t=3865s&ab_channel=FlorinPop). 

Also fixing existing bugs.

Commit message:

SI: Added weather app in readme file

README.md, after:

# JavaScript_mini_projects

Learning JS by creating JS based (mini) projects.

## List

1. [Countdown App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/countdown-timer/index.html)
2. [Quiz App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/quiz-app/index.html)
3. [Recipe App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/recipe-app/index.html)
4. [Notes App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/notes-app/index.html)
5. [Todo App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/todo-app/index.html)
6. [Movie App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/movie-app/index.html)
7. [GitHub Profile Summary App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/github-profiles-app/index.html)
8. [Drawing App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/drawing-app/index.html)
9. [Password Generator](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/password-gen-app/index.html)
10. [Weather App](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/weather-app/index.html)


## Bonus App 🥳🙀

[Portfolio](https://rawgit.com/Swapnil-ingle/JavaScript_mini_projects/main/portfolio/index.html)

This is the collection 🗃 of all the above applications with nice animations and little descriptions.

Learned and used CSS-Grid concept for this one.

## Disclaimer

First time doing front-end development, learning by following projects by [FlorinPop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtKciwk_si4&t=3865s&ab_channel=FlorinPop) and understanding each concept as we progress and adding additional and unique functionality to the app than shown by [FlorinPop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtKciwk_si4&t=3865s&ab_channel=FlorinPop). 

Also fixing existing bugs.
